# CS305-Software-Security
# Diana Diaz

- Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address? Artemis Financial was the client for this software application, the company is a consulting company that offers tailored and individualized financial plans for its customers. Artemis Financial wanted to be able to interact with customers globally meaning that communication between servers and APIs needed to meet regulations of different countries and always remain secure for all users and purposes. 
- What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing? When the software vulnerabilities were identified, I worked on adjustimg my code to address those vulnerabilities. I made sure to use the spring framework and the most up-to-date and appropiate encryption cipher for our client. Creating secure coding programs is important to prevent attacks and for a software application to run as best as possible. Software security helps a company build trust with their clients, increase their business, and maintain all data related to the company and customers/clients secure.
- What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? The static testing and the dependencies report was a bit challenging, some dependencies were hard to understand.
- How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use? By including different coding features to a software application we can build layers to the safety of a program. For the client in this scenario, the program was built using the spring framework, I used the most secure algorith cipher, created checksum and certificate authorization. All these aspects together, ensured that I would create a secure application.
- How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? The code was ran and checked for errors, I am pleased to say, my final program ran without errors. The static testing report gives a total number of dependencies found in a program and I was able to identify that way if the number had increased or remained the same.
- What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks? The material, supporting documents, websites and tutorials provided for this course were helpful and I'm sure I will continue to use them in my career after graduation.
- Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment? Projects one and two both provide detailed summaries or reports of the different components that are useful for building a secure application. I would consider using both as evidence of my abilities learned in this course.
